Now we are going to set up the Argos CD part and before we do anything we are running cubes.
It'll get parts in our Kubernetes cluster and as you can see, no parts are running.
Now let's go back to the Argo City console and to point this GITOPS Argo CD to our Kubernetes manifest
repository and deploy this app click new app.
You can give any application name, but I'm going to give the same name as I used in deployment, which
is Flask Demo Project Default Sync Policy Automatic.
What it does is Argo CD will check every 3 minutes with the GitHub repository and check the state of
the cluster and if it is out of sync, it will apply it automatically.
If you select manual, you need to manually sync it for all these other options.
You can hover over the question mark and they're pretty self-explanatory.
We are going to keep everything as is and in the repository URL.
You have to point this to our Kubernetes manifest repo.
So we are in Kubernetes manifest repo, get the APC URL, go back to Argo City, paste it here.
And if you kept your manifest files in a folder inside that repo, you have to give that name of the
folder as part.
But since in our case everything is under the root directory in the GitHub repository, we are just
going to give dot slash as the current folder and then the destination determines which Kubernetes cluster
it is going to deploy to.
So this is a cool thing about Gitops.
You can run GitHub in one cluster and you can deploy this to any other Kubernetes cluster.
If this Gitops is running in the same cluster as you are deploying this application to, then you just
select this Kubernetes dot, default dot as we see, and we want to deploy this application in the default
namespace, keep everything as is, and then click this create button.
It actually deployed the application.
If you click this, it is going to show you the flow.
It created this load balancer.
And then behind the load balancer there are three pods.
So if we go back to our terminal and now run cubes, it'll get pods.
We should see three pods running to get the load balancer are run cubes.
It'll get as we see and it should give us the load balancer URL.
Not that it will take a couple of minutes for us to provisioned load balancer.
So I'm going to copy this.
Go back to my chrome, open a new tab, pass the URL, press enter.
There you go.
It is accessing the flask application and it's showing.
Hello, Docker.
So now only thing left is to automatically trigger the Jenkins job whenever I push my python code to
the repository.